one
2020-01-13
18:00
On The Rise Podcast Team
Simply Sports, I'll skip the introduction because I know you are not interested in that. You came here for your weekly sports, simplified. This publication is written by Co-host Sam Donsig.

Well, bench warmers or not, the fans voted Alex Caruso and Tacko Fall to play in the 2020 NBA All-Star Game. The fact that Alex Caruso and Tacko Fall were voted into the game clearly illustrates how powerful memes can be. In other news, the Milwaukee Bucks have been lighting up the league with the best record in the NBA at 35-6 through January 12th. The Bucks started this season, just like the last one. The only difference, they might make it to the finals this year. The NBA finals are as open as they ever have been, with multiple teams looking like finals contenders. As the season goes on, we will break down who we think are contenders and who are pretenders. That’s all for the NBA.

Ah, the battle of Alberta always excites fans. The beef between Zach Kassian and Brady Tckachuk showed us that these two teams do not like each other. During the first period of play Brady laid a huge (clean) hit on Kassian. Kassian responded with a hit back. Then in the 2nd Period Tckachuk laid a similar hit on Kassian, this time Kassian responded. Grabbing Tckachuk like a ragdoll and throwing punch after punch. Kassian was handed a four minute major penalty and a game misconduct for his fighting. The Flames scored a powerplay goal early in the third period to break the tie. That goal would stand as the game winner. The two teams will face off another two times this season. Kassian will have his shot at revenge. That is all for the NHL.

Then there were four, San Francisco, Green Bay, Kansas City, and Tennessee? Yes you are reading that right. Tennessee is going to the AFC Championship game after upsetting the former superbowl champions, and the Baltimore Ravens. Kansas City punched its ticket with a dominating second half performance and the second largest playoff comeback since superbowl 52. Green Bay escaped a second half comeback from the Seahawks to book their trip to Southern Cali. Finally, San Francisco, a team that has dominated all year long. Showed its true form again on Sunday. Dismantling the Vikings secondary and forcing Kirk Cousins into mistakes. The matchups are set and now it’s time for the predictions. Let’s start with the AFC, the Titans have been the cinderella story this postseason. However, Patrick Mahomes is different than Lamar Jackson and Tom brady. Patrick Mahomes I predict is going to have a monster game; leading to Kansas City to a superbowl berth. As for the NFC, San Francisco is going to have their hands full with Devante Adams. It’s not going to be enough, as I predict San Francisco winning over Green Bay. That’s all for the NFL now.

History will be made this weekend as the MLB Hall of Fame ballot voting has just opened up and many questions have arisen. Will Derek Jeter be unanimous? Will this be the year for Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens? Will Larry Walker finally make it in? Here is our list of 5 players that we think should make it into the Hall this year. 1. Derek Jeter- Jeter is pretty much guaranteed to get into the Hall in his first year of voting but the question will be if he will join Mariano Rivera in receiving a unanimous vote. With 3,000+ hits, countless awards, and incredible numbers in a Yankees uniform, the new owner Miami Marlins is guaranteed to get with what we think will be unanimous vote. 2. & 3. Roger Clemens & Barry Bonds- Yes these two have been trying for many years to get into the Hall and the only thing barring their path is the allegations against them for using PEDs. While you can hear the full take on out latest episode, we think this in the year these guys get in as they deserve to be there despite the allegations. 4. Larry Walker- In his last year of voting and after coming oh so close to being inducted last year, we think this is the year. Walker has waited 10 years to be brought into the Hall of Fame and based off the voting trends and the numbers he put up in his career, Larry deserves to be inducted. 5. Curt Schilling- We end off our list with a Phillies pitcher who was left just off the list last year and deserves to be in this year. Curt played for 5 different teams (mainly Philadelphia), had 216 career wins, and had over 3,000 career strikeouts. With numbers like these and how close he came last year, this will be the year Curt gets in. Honorable Mentions: Billy Wagner, Omar Vizquel, & Jason Giambi. This concludes this week’s MLB segment.

That’s all for this week. Check back next week for more great sports content and analysis. This has been the first publication of Simply Sports.