two
2020-01-20
18:00
On The Rise Podcast Team
Simply Sports, I'll skip the introduction because I know you are not interested in that. You came here for your weekly sports, simplified. Here we go...

Clearly detailed by our weather, its winter, and that means snow. Perfect for skiing and snowboarding; racing or recreational. The Olympics are a year away which means there really isn’t much news to tell. However, that doesn’t mean the sport isn’t exciting. Take a deep breath, feel that cold air sting your lungs, hear the starter countdown. You’ve launched yourself out of the gate, fear of crashing and slamming into gates are all swallowed up by the adrenaline. It’s just you and the course.
I’d hope that’d entice you into the sport, because this is a full body workout done in the powder of the alpine trails and it feels like no other. Whether you enjoy the snow or not I think we can both agree that the sensation of carving down a double black diamond beats anything else, or maybe you're afraid of heights; just start with the bunny hills and remember your pizza and fries ski position. Although, this week's publication included no real news, I just wanted to give you a feel for all the sports we’ll be covering, this is just the beginning. That’s all for skiing, that said I would like you to remember that: “A bad day on the slopes beats a good day at work”

Where will you be on Sunday February second? I know that I’ll be nestled in, snacks in hand, waiting for the greatest NFL game of the season to start at 6:30. A stunning season has seen the most recent and repeat champions fall from grace. After their embarrassing loss to the Tennessee Titans, they have been put out of their misery after a more or less disappointing season. Looking forward, we have the San Francisco 49ers versing the Kansas City Chiefs; an interesting match should be a rather even game, good action, no runaway blowouts, hopefully. The two teams records are very similar (13-3) to (12-4) favoring the 49ers. However, the stats really won’t matter when each team steps into the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami, Florida. The flood of adrenaline and fear will be enough to decide the fate of these two teams who haven't played in the Super Bowl game in 25 years. If the 65,326 in stadium fans don’t throw these two teams off their game, then the millions watching at home will. I’m still shocked, I predicted the Green Bay Packers in the last publication, but we all know how that game went. Exciting to see a new style of team play introduced at the Super Bowl, enjoy the game and enjoy the weekend.

Well it's a momentous time for Women's hockey. Top Canadian and American Women’s elite hockey players will participate in a 3 on 3 game on the world stage that is the NHL All Star Game weekend. On the weekend of the 25th I recommend you witness this first time event at home, as it will be broadcast and covered just as any other NHL or All Star game is. Each team will have nine skaters and one goalie (one Canadian team one American team), with the 20 players having combined for 39 Olympic and 109 World Championship medals. The NHL executive Vice President and Chief Content Officer said; "The intention here is to give these elite players the forum they've earned and they deserve," These hardworking and lucky girls will demonstrate their skill and strength in front of a 20,000 person live audience, the NHL’s top 40 players, and millions of people watching via broadcast.

If the Super Bowl wasn’t enough for you, we have another big game coming up right after, except this time in the NBA. The All Star game and the Trade Deadline will take place around the weekend of February 16th. A very intense time for television coverage and team discussion. Last year's NBA trade deadline was a chaotic surprise for most, although it’s forecasted that with most teams limited budgets this year it will be a quite one. Most are predicting some small bench player trades, however there could be a larger trade happening behind closed doors. Something to watch would be the Brooklyn Nets, although they headlined back in the summer by picking up three stars Deandre Jordan, Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving, the estimated loving relationship might not be all sunshine and rainbows. Irving called out the team in public asking for a ‘cast change’, meaning we may see a pressured and struggling (8th in conference) make some big trades to satisfy the big star.

That’s all for this week. Check back next week for everyone's favorite Sports Simplified.
It’s been a pleasure writing these publications, thank you all for the positive response we have been receiving, keep it coming, our writers love it!