three
2020-01-29
18:00
On The Rise Podcast Team
Simply Sports, I'll skip the introduction because I know you are not interested in that. You came here for your weekly sports, simplified. Here we go…

Well, thier in!! If you were one of the lucky ones to order an On The Rise Tee shirt or Hoodie, they have arrived and we will be distributed shortly! If you missed out click here to get yours on our <a href="http://store.ontherisepodcast.ca">merchandise store</a>.

Back in 1953, the war was over, fashion was popping, and in a post-war economy. Cars were powerful and plenty; but so was urban sprawl. Bill France Sr. saw that racing days were numbered. So he created a 500-mile race track all in the confines of his new course, the Daytona circuit, located just outside of the legendary Daytona Beach racing roads. In the blistering Florida heat, these cars reach speeds of over 200mph (320kph), which is greater than the average car capacity and driver’s ability. These naturally aspirated racing cars are built to their max, (I personally am a Porsche man) and to see the naturally aspirated V engines built into their metal frame speed down the track of any race is amazing. From their fan-cooled inline engines to their perfectly sculpted exteriors they are a beauty to watch. As confusing as it is, in the future weeks, we’ll make car racing ‘Simple Sport’ if you tune in on <a href="https://www.midtownradio.ca">midtown radio</a>.

Sprints, Cross Country, Steeplechase? Any of these sound familiar? This type of running gives a runner a shot of adrenaline even at its very mention. You may wear drag-reducing clothes or running spikes, however, this sport isn’t about the technology, it’s about the training. Have you ever cramped up after just a few minutes of running? Do you wonder how runners keep running for hours on end? Your VO2 Max, Heart Output and Muscular Endurance have to be in peak shape to run to your max potential. Train the lungs, train the heart; but most importantly train the brain. Many don’t think about the strategy and planning in the sport of running. Draft the opponent, cut the corners close, save energy uphill and explode downhill. Just some of the many long distances or cross country action plans that must be reviewed before and after every race. Get into running and see what I mean. Simply throw on some music, run around the block, at the gym or with a local team. Everyone starts somewhere, start simply with Simply Sports.

That’s all for this week. Check back next week for everyone's favourite Sports Simplified.
It’s been a pleasure writing these publications, thank you all for the positive response we have been receiving, keep it coming, our writers love it!