four
2020-02-05
18:00
On The Rise Podcast Team
Simply Sports, I'll skip the introduction because I know you are not interested in that. You came here for your weekly sports, simplified. Here we go…

Super bowl 54 is over and what a game it was, from interceptions to game winning drives, it had it all. The Kansas City Chiefs were favored in the match up by -1.5 points. Many thought that the 49ers defense would hold its ground, for most of the game it did. Holding Kansas City to 17 points is difficult to do. However, that changed when Patrick Mahomes woke up in the fourth quarter and started to play like the quarterback we had seen all season long. In the last ten minutes Mahomes threw for 114 yards, two touchdowns. Thus, giving Kansas City the lead and a super bowl victory. Sufficient to say, Mahomes is going to be an elite quarterback for years to come.

The NBA trade deadline is approaching and many teams are looking for trades. Some teams like the Clippers and Lakers are looking for that one piece to take them to the championship. While other teams like the Pistons are trading pieces for picks and looking to rebuild. Sufficient to say, if the lakers or clippers can add a solid guard to their team, both could be poised for a trip to the finals. As for the Detroit Pistons, looking to add draft picks and rebuild. It’s the right thing to do at this point; looking towards the future is the only thing Pistons’ fans can do at this time.

Cricket, a common animal we hear in our Canadian summer; or the wildly popular fast pace sport. Creak, creak, creak, just kidding, Cricket originated in England and has reached every inch of the Earth. Admittedly this sport doesn’t find population in all counties, including Canada, however not for lack of interest. It’s more of a climate thing, too much snow, eh? This sport is played on an outdoor field similar to a baseball diamond. However, the shape is the difference, the Cricket ground is in the shape of a circle or oval. Local world renowned professional player, Matt Nandu commented on the sport as per a beginners look “It’s an up and coming sport in Canada, I hope to see more players getting involved. To explain the sport on a basic level I would say it's a mixture between baseball and golf played on an oval field.” In cricket there are two pitchers and two batters, the batters hit and run to the opposite base and then run back to score a point. Then the 11 opposing players scramble to get the ball back to the pitching area before a large amount of points can be scored. It’s like playing two games at once. How cool! That’s all for cricket, come back in the coming weeks for an extended edition and an interview with professional world renowned players.

That’s all for this week. Check back next week for everyone's favourite Sports Simplified.
Take a listen to our podcast where we discuss our four favorite sports in more detail, released every Saturday at 10 am.