five
2020-02-12
18:00
On The Rise Podcast Team
Simply Sports, I'll skip the introduction because I know you are not interested in that. You came here for your weekly sports, simplified.

Well, it’s that time again, with spring just around the corner it's time to get your clubs out of storage. Unless you're an avid golfer like me, I doubt you’ve been golfing all year round in high tech simulations. Because the season is coming up so fast here's some Simply Sports tips for a first-time golfer. One, find an easy course to start on, one with no long holes or big terrain changes (if you’re local, Merryhill Golf). Two, allow yourself to re-tee if need be, practice makes perfect, swinging more times helps your game. Three, move your ball from the sticks, rough and steep hills back on to the fairway until you improve. Fourth, walk the course; it's good exercise.

Winter isn’t over yet, we still have some blistering cold left to do our winter sports in. One of my top recommendations is the relaxing sport of skating. Although it isn’t commonly thought of as much of a sport, there are some real benefits to competitive skating. Such as speed skating, figure skating or more recently trick skating. Find an outdoor rink, arena or pond, slap on some skates and enjoy the physical and mental benefits of testing your balance skills on that frozen water. Give it a try, you might love it!

Huge advancements in Canadian Women’s sports this week! Starting off with Canada’s Women’s National Basketball Team who, this past week, clinched a spot in the 2020 Summer Olympic games in Tokyo. Led by center Natalie Achonwa and Kia Nurse of the WNBA the team beat Sweden to advance and currently sit Fourth in International power rankings behind, USA, Australia, & Spain.In their 7th Olympic appearance the women look to take home their medal in team history. Canada’s Women’s National Soccer Team also qualified for the 2020 Summer Games with a 1-0 win over Costa Rica. Led by icon Christine Sinclair and up and coming young stars like Jordyn Huitema, the women will join a stellar group of 8 Canadian Women’s teams moving onto the Tokyo Olympics this summer.